Much of shell scripting is just learning what commands are available for you to use, and you already
know quite a few.
I haven't taught you this one directly, but 'clear' clears the screen and each command is essentially
an application.
So these are just all really small programs that do one thing really well, which is sort of the
Linux/Unix philosophy.
It's just small programs that do one thing really well and then you can tie them all together to do
something different.
So, you know, the clear command, you know bash, you know vim, you know ls.
cd, rm.  You know, chmod to change mode,
pwd and, you know, the set command.
So you've already learned quite a few commands just from learning how to write a script.
As we continue on through the lectures, you're going to learn more and more commands and you'll add
those to your knowledge and then you just start plugging the commands together to make a script to do
what you want to do.